are you tired of high-pressure tactics
oh I'm not gonna sign that that's too
much a community the auto group you'll
find we have a straightforward approach
if other dealers have made you
uncomfortable give community a try
you'll enjoy your experience here and
find a straightforward deal that's right
for you not high-pressure tactics
community Auto Group straightforward
deals from the straightforward dealer
did you talk a little bit about 149 that
can assert itself out a little bit I
mean yeah I mean big wins but I don't
think it's saddled a hundred percent I
don't think you look to settle it I
think you want controversies meaning
that you want two guys that are very
capable and very motivated and I think
we got that and we might have three with
Connor Ryan in there Michael show
anything different as far as this
performance and competition from a year
ago seems to maybe be a little bit more
what I call smart high energy instead of
just kind of here and everywhere or
nowhere and there's a difference when
you're smart and you know his Energy's
always good he wrestles hard but let's
wrestle smart and let's do the things
that put points on the board and leave
them off the board for your opponent and
it seemed like it was a little bit
better throwing his legs back scoring in
front headlocks he rode tough at the end
to win that match in the finals against
Upper Iowa so you know you look at the
school you look at the division you know
we don't look at that we look at the
competition and you know everybody's
trying to beat you so a lot of good
things easier to go forward with a win
for sure
and that's what he did
Telford
yeah we just keep racking them up I
think there's a competition going on in
this room I've heard a little bit about
it with Ramos and Evans and Telford and
these guys are there they're talking
about penance oh that's good
and now let's keep doing it as a
competition gets a little tougher in in
the big door kara have it carry over
into the big duel meat so it's bonus
points in that nomination is big and for
a lot of different reasons you're
putting you're putting your opponent's
away before maybe you step out the mat
just because of the because of the way
you wrestle there's a fear there's a
fear you're putting in the future and
that's what we want to do
Hadj trophy you know you're undefeated
you got a lot of Falls you're winning
the Hodge trophy that's that's a good
accolade to have in your in your
credential list kind of kind of
important the fact that you guys are
word yeah I mean we're deep and we like
being deep and we want to be deeper
that's what I meant with you know 149
and anything gets sorted out there I
think we got a guy that emerged he had a
win against a guy that was you know was
recruited by Division one programs and
the guy had a win over us in the semi so
that clarifies a little bit but you know
that's not done I mean go out and
continue to show us that you want to be
the guy and are the guy with the way you
wrestle in the way that you score points
depth is good controversies are good for
that reason the other reason they
wouldn't be so good would be the obvious
if you have two three four guys
struggling but like 84 we have you know
four guys that are real capable there so
we like our depth how much will the
lineup shift
well we have aqua I mean we're sending
guys to st. Louis to to wrestle the
tournament down there at Linden went
open and so we got a lot of guys
competing in so we'll have 10 or 13 or
15 here to cover all the weights and you
know we got some guys that are dinged up
so those guys will keep home and put
them in uniform on the bench to cover
cover weights and then we'll we'll send
our other guys to Lindenwood so the
lineup you know you could probably
figure it out you know Clark's gonna be
in Iowa City Gillman will go to
Lindenwood Kelly he'll be in Iowa City
you know grow this and Ryan will go to
Lindenwood and you know 84 the old loft
Isles would be in Iowa City will keep
Baylor back we're still dinged up at 97
so failure will get a match at 97
clapper I don't have two matches there
and you know or said Brooks admire the
Lindenwood so it kind of works that way
if you look at how we place this weekend
tell us we'll be in Iowa City
what you guys gonna be looking for come
on
keep improving you know we're gonna see
how I mean it's still Division two or
three or whatever arrests on mad
experience math time getting out to be
able to showcase your skills their fans
being at home at Carver you know getting
back in that atmosphere and then we're
also gonna see you know I was Clark
still moving forward who's gonna emerge
at forty nine you have a moving forward
that kind of stuff
so we'll get to see how those guys are
coming along there was the hope you turn
it into some practice in competition
it's got a it's got to be a controlled
out on the mat it's kind of I mean I got
to be aggressive but it's got to be a
controlled aggression and I can't I
can't be going out there and getting
over anxious and giving up points and
I'm still still fine-tuning that a
little bit but let's go out I mean go
out there push the pace and score points
that's what it's about so putting fuel
physics and Friday you have another
opportunity
aside from keeping the pin streak going
what do you want to accomplish I just
keep it going you know I just keep
competing keep getting there we got you
know it's the next competition it's the
biggest thing on a schedule right now
because it's the next competition
yeah keep your head down to the
grindstone you can't be happy you know
you could be overjoyed with a this
tournament was more of a you know it's
just so open or ferocity right you don't
ever look those things you don't think
lightly but you gotta put them in
perspective also